we wake up to the screams of our
children asking us for food they ask us
for food night and
day it's a busy morning for Abu Mahmud
and his family in the garage where they
live the women are cooking these are
pancakes made of animal feed here in
jabalia they're lucky to find anything
to
eat what my wife and daughters are
cooking we spent 4 days looking for this
just to get one kilo my wife and I will
not eat because it will all go to the
children and grandchildren I cannot eat
when they are starving for months now
Northern Gaza has been all but cut off
from humanitarian Aid survival is a
daily
challenge two months ago we were on the
brink of a famine now we are in a real
famine you cannot find a kilo of flour
or any food and if you do the prices are
so expensive
this Market might seem busy but only at
first glance there are vendors but
barely any buyers these are spices nuts
tea nothing
substantial this man is selling carrots
and says they're affordable but nobody's
buying Palestinians here have nothing
left I feel ashamed when I tell
customers how much it costs they look at
me and laugh asking if I'm serious I'm
no longer selling pumpkins or anything
expensive it's enough for me to sell
lemons for 25 cents a
kilo we ate clovers and grass our
children have died from starvation we
have run out of things to eat and we are
starving we have no money to buy
anything everything is so expensive what
we used to buy for a dollar now costs
15 for these children and their families
a ceasefire is their final hope at least
then it should be easier to move around
Gaza searching for food to make it
through the day toit medeno Al
jazer make sure to subscribe to our
channel to get the latest news from
alzer